# App Scaffolding
This repository shows the basic structure of an Angular app, generated by the CLI using the ```ng new``` command, 

```
  ng new demo --skip-install --directory 0-app-scaffolding
``` 
The Angular CLI ```new``` command provides a lot of resources, which may seem overwhelming at first, but there are significant advantages to using the CLI.

1. It eliminates the cumbersome task of creating a custom one-off build environment.
2. It provides a standard application architecture that supports team development.
3. It facilitates rapid development with generator commands for components, services, directives and more.

## The Angular Bootstrap Process
The bootstrap process is controlled by these four files:  
*	**main.ts**: contains the code for bootstrapping the application.
*	**app.module.ts**: the root module that describes how the application parts fit together.
*	**app.component.ts**: the top level application component, parent to all other components in the application.
*	**index.html**: contains the directive where the app component will render the template. 


## More on the Application Structure
#### Root files and resources generated with ng new
*	**.git file**
*	**e2e directory**: store end-to-end tests
*	**node_modules directory**: holds all the project dependencies
*	**src directory**: all of the code that comprises the application.
*	**.angular-cli.json**: manages general configuration settings for your project
*	**.editorconfig**: opensource cross-IDE configuration
*	**.gitignore**: determines which files and folders are not committed to git repository
*	**karma.conf.js**: controls testing
*	**package.json**: manages all project dependencies
*	**package-lock.json**: specifies tree structure, created when npm modifies node_modules or package.json: specifices the npm dependencies 
*	**protractor.conf.js**: supports testing also
*	**README.md**
*	**tsconfig.json**: determines how TypeScript is compiled
*	**tslint.json**: used for linting, checking that code is clean 

#### /src directories and files and resources generated with ng new
*	**app directory**: contains all the all source code
*	**assets directory**: used to store static assets
*	**environments directory**: allows for management of various environment variables
*	**favicon.ico**: browser icon for application
*	**index.html**: application host that contains the application root component
*	**main.ts**: contains code for starting/bootstrapping the application
*	**polyfills.ts**: manages polyfills that allow code to run in older browsers 
*	**styles.css**: used for global styles for the applciation
*	**test.ts**: used for tests
*	**tsconfig.app.json**: used for TypeScript compilation
*	**tsconfig.spec.json**: used for TypeScript compilation
*	**typings.s.ts**: used for TypeScript compilation

### Licensing

Copyright 2018 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

[http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's license.txt file.


